James Ward
Level 7 Programmer

Site: http://notjam.es/
Email: james@notjam.es
Github: imnotjames


TOME OF MAGIC

 A mage of code, a warlock of operations, and an overall wizard for building up the
 most  fanastic  systems  you could ever  imagine.  The ally  you  have dreamed to  have.
 Winning countless  battles  of  wits  against  compilers  and interpreters,  accomplishing
 everything regulation compliance of an impeccable detail to hardened systems capable
 of withstanding even the most brutal of attacks. I ship amazing software, and code I
 work with becomes stable - just like magic. Some call it luck, a roll of the die. In my
 experience, there is no such thing as luck.


EXPERIENCE POINTS

Software Engineer - WayFair
2014 — Current

 Battling  alongside  an  armada  of  other  skilled  warriors  to  fend  off  from  hordes  of
 network traffc and bugs. Torrential rain of requests from around the globe at a scale
 never seen before, they must all stay courageous and face the eye of the storm. Battle is
 not  all  in  store,  however.  In  times  of  peace,  the  hero  pursues  coding  nirvana  and
 encourages others to do so as well. To accept the silence of passing unit tests is to know
 true  peace  of  mind.  To  code  with  hidden  information  is  to  protect  against  future
 attacks. To master the use of XDebug is to open the mind's eye and see into the stack
 itself. These are the disciplines our hero teaches.

Software Engineer - Limestone Networks
2012 — 2014

 Fighting dragons in legacy codebases PHP continues on for this adventurer. This time the hero
 is given ferocious new tools. With refactoring as his blade and unit testing his shield, he slowly
 but surely is defeating the beastly bugs within. Already having defeated the PCI-DSS kraken, the
 and continuing the fight with the the Denial of Service Hydra, learning new tricks with caching
 and reverse proxies along the way, our handsome swashbuckler has saved the kingdom fromperil time
 and again. 

Sofware Architect - Accrisoft, Corp
2011 — 2012

 Development of Accrisoft's Freedom CMS is the task at hand. A never ending quest of
 solid feature implementation and an overhaul of old, legacy code have been undertaken.
 A side tale of integration with a multitude of other products has been assigned, as well
 as  vanquishing  bugs,  increasing  performance  and  decreasing  memory  footprint
 wherever possible.


TOOLS I USE

 Perl
 PHP
 Java
 Pascal
 Python
 Javascript
 RegEx
 HTML
 CSS
 SQL
 C++
 C


PLATFORMS

 GNU/Linux
 Mac OS X
 Windows
